I've been juggling my life, sitting up straight.
You eight blessings say that I am a Jianghu god
It's okay to be full of lies without me
I can let it go.
But nothing can take my dignity and bottom line
Trample on the ground
And your Heavenly Temple is the protection of the country and self-interest of Great Xia
It should be fair and objective to distinguish right from wrong
Instead of hearing a few Xiao
The words of the younger generation
Then jump to a conclusion
It's your own death
Lord Thunder
Listen carefully to what this son has to say
He is really openly provoking the entire Temple of Heaven
Now it seems
This is not a natural or man-made disaster
Is the result of his collusion with foreign enemies
Go around, go around.
I thought you were making this up
It's for financial gain.
I didn't expect you to be a monster
He actually took the country's Anhui as a revenge
There's no cure.
I will give you one last chance
Roll down and be punished
Otherwise, this God of War will not have your life with his bare hands
I'll say it one last time
They are present at disasters and counter-events on eight continents
It's all self-inflicted
It has nothing to do with me
I'm done talking.
If your Heavenly Temple doesn't work again
And I don't mind leaving you guys completely negative.